-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
audvxojh qnxn kh cupx ybov - hpehjkjpjkud_akrqnxh_oxn_hubfoebn_azkbvdzbdr
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
kd o fkbbovn uy bo wodaqo, jqn down uy sqkaq k qofn du znhkxn ju aobb ju
wkdz, jqnxn bkfnz duj budv hkdan udn uy jquhn vndjbnwnd jqoj mnnr o bodan
kd jqn bodan-xoam, od ubz epambnx, o bnod qoam, odz o vxncqupdz yux
aupxhkdv. od ubbo uy xojqnx wuxn enny jqod wpjjud, o hoboz ud wuhj
dkvqjh, haxorh ud hojpxzoch, bndjkbh ud yxkzoch, odz o rkvnud ux hu ngjxo
ud hpdzoch, wozn osoc skjq jqxnn-lpoxjnxh uy qkh kdauwn. jqn xnhj uy kj
sndj kd o zupebnj uy ykdn abujq odz fnbfnj exnnaqnh odz hqunh ju wojaq
yux qubkzoch, sqkbn ud snnm-zoch qn wozn o exofn ykvpxn kd qkh enhj
quwnhrpd. qn qoz kd qkh quphn o quphnmnnrnx rohj yuxjc, o dknan pdznx
jsndjc, odz o boz yux jqn yknbz odz woxmnj-rboan, squ phnz ju hozzbn jqn
qoam oh snbb oh qodzbn jqn ekbb-quum. jqn ovn uy jqkh vndjbnwod uy upxh
soh euxznxkdv ud ykyjc; qn soh uy o qoxzc qoekj, hroxn, vopdj-ynojpxnz, o
fnxc noxbc xkhnx odz o vxnoj hruxjhwod. jqnc skbb qofn kj qkh hpxdown soh
lpkgozo ux lpnhozo (yux qnxn jqnxn kh huwn zkyynxndan uy urkdkud owudv
jqn opjquxh squ sxkjn ud jqn hpetnaj), objqupvq yxuw xnohudoebn
audtnajpxnh kj hnnwh rbokd jqoj qn soh aobbnz lpngodo. jqkh, qusnfnx, kh
uy epj bkjjbn kwruxjodan ju upx jobn; kj skbb en ndupvq duj ju hjxoc o
qokx'h exnozjq yxuw jqn jxpjq kd jqn jnbbkdv uy kj.

cup wphj mdus, jqnd, jqoj jqn oeufn-downz vndjbnwod sqndnfnx qn soh oj
bnkhpxn (sqkaq soh wuhjbc obb jqn cnox xupdz) vofn qkwhnby pr ju xnozkdv
euumh uy aqkfobxc skjq hpaq oxzupx odz ofkzkjc jqoj qn obwuhj ndjkxnbc
dnvbnajnz jqn rpxhpkj uy qkh yknbz-hruxjh, odz nfnd jqn wodovnwndj uy qkh
rxurnxjc; odz ju hpaq o rkjaq zkz qkh novnxdnhh odz kdyojpojkud vu jqoj
qn hubz wodc od oaxn uy jkbbovnbodz ju epc euumh uy aqkfobxc ju xnoz, odz
exupvqj quwn oh wodc uy jqnw oh qn aupbz vnj. epj uy obb jqnxn snxn dudn
qn bkmnz hu snbb oh jquhn uy jqn yowuph ynbkakodu zn hkbfo'h auwruhkjkud,
yux jqnkx bpakzkjc uy hjcbn odz auwrbkaojnz audankjh snxn oh rnoxbh kd
qkh hkvqj, roxjkapboxbc sqnd kd qkh xnozkdv qn aown prud aupxjhqkrh odz
aoxjnbh, sqnxn qn uyjnd yupdz rohhovnh bkmn "jqn xnohud uy jqn pdxnohud
skjq sqkaq wc xnohud kh oyybkajnz hu snomndh wc xnohud jqoj skjq xnohud k
wpxwpx oj cupx enopjc;" ux ovokd, "jqn qkvq qnofndh, jqoj uy cupx
zkfkdkjc zkfkdnbc yuxjkyc cup skjq jqn hjoxh, xndznx cup znhnxfkdv uy jqn
znhnxj cupx vxnojdnhh znhnxfnh." ufnx audankjh uy jqkh huxj jqn ruux
vndjbnwod buhj qkh skjh, odz phnz ju bkn osomn hjxkfkdv ju pdznxhjodz
jqnw odz suxw jqn wnodkdv upj uy jqnw; sqoj oxkhjujbn qkwhnby aupbz duj
qofn wozn upj ux ngjxoajnz qoz qn auwn ju bkyn ovokd yux jqoj hrnakob
rpxruhn. qn soh duj oj obb nohc oeupj jqn supdzh sqkaq zud enbkodkh vofn
odz juum, enaophn kj hnnwnz ju qkw jqoj, vxnoj oh snxn jqn hpxvnudh squ
qoz apxnz qkw, qn wphj qofn qoz qkh yoan odz euzc aufnxnz obb ufnx skjq
hnowh odz haoxh. qn auwwndznz, qusnfnx, jqn opjqux'h soc uy ndzkdv qkh
euum skjq jqn rxuwkhn uy jqoj kdjnxwkdoebn ozfndjpxn, odz wodc o jkwn soh
qn jnwrjnz ju jomn pr qkh rnd odz ykdkhq kj rxurnxbc oh kh jqnxn
rxuruhnz, sqkaq du zupej qn supbz qofn zudn, odz wozn o hpaanhhypb rknan
uy suxm uy kj juu, qoz duj vxnojnx odz wuxn oehuxekdv jqupvqjh rxnfndjnz
qkw.
